sangalefthanderAn evening in Hong Kong with the prince of Trinidad. What an honour to sit next to the greatest batsman I have ever watched. #BCLara #GOAT #idol #galaxygladiatorslantau

https://www.instagram.com/p/BRdUZBhjk_B/
   The two king , I am still confused who is the best , I like as a pure batsman lara but as a team man as an all-around ever green sanga , a huge respect from me and Pakistan
   Watched both the greatest of Cricket but I'm little more towards Mr. Sangakara for him been a gentleman and scholar at th fields of cricket. Love from The 🇺🇸 USA
   Two great batsman of their eras. Highly competitive, elegance, stylish & class players. I have great memories of watching both the players.
   Two different types of legends in their own era...when lara played cricket I can remember the great bowlers who have ever played cricket were playing...Wasim..waquar..mcgrath..warny..kumble..vass..murali..and name it many more..sanga s era I feel you didn't have such players ..lara played his cricket most in tough bouncy wickets...sanga played many in batting friendly Asian pitches..both are hugely talented but played in different conditions....
   Best left hand batsmen in the world and players who respect cricket ethics if they know out, they never wait for umpire's signal it's mean both of you are great and legends!
   We miss u Sangakkara sir... U r s great player and also a great human being...Sachin is nothing in front of u ...hope u will play for KK in PSL3 InshAllah...luv u from Peshawar,Pakistan.
   Watched this great batsman at the World Cup final Sri Lanka v Australia in Barbados 28th April 2007 and have enjoyed watching him ever since. 🏏
   Lara is great but Sanga is always the greater in my opinion
   Still remeber 4 consecutive hundred in world cup...i think no one achieve that land mark...respect from Sri lanaka
   Sorry to disappoint you but the greatest Batsmen is not Lara, that goes to a guy called Kumar Sangakara!!!!
   See n feel the humbleness..Sanga himself one of all-time greats generous in praising his competitor but his inspiration too...
   two of the most iconic batsman......glad to be part of those memorable days!!
   Shewag on 99 bowl a no ball . Great sportsmanship spirit.. captain sanga.
   Respect to both of you but pls don't forget the little wizard sachin
   Two of the gretest southpaws evr plyed the game of cricket..
   Two great cricketers and i would consider Mr.KS ahead been a Greater Gentlemen . God bless you Kumar. Cheers.
   How lucky we are to see both of you playing...  all the best for the future and thanx for the memories Sir 😇
   How beautiful it is to meet a Prince of Trinidad ... Congratulations and especially to Mr. Kumar ... I CAN get my Prince from CHILE-SANTIAGO ... a hug and more affectionate affections ...
   "Sitting next to the best best man"? Pot calling the kettle black!
   two of the all time best left handers ... cricket world is missing you both ....
   Every body know that both these guys are great players but they are also good human
   Both legends,  but were humble. But couldn't help hurting Lara whenever the opposition was Sri Lanka.
   Both are greatest ever 👍
Badly missing both of u nd lucky to have my generation 👏👏👏
   You are also one of the greatest batsmen I ever seen
   Kumar Sangakara is very nice and honest cricketer. I like sangakara so much. Sangakara is a great cricketer.

Yes it's #Marchmadness and we're all excited about the Cricket
   Hail Sanga! Watching an interview after a long time. Please upload more videos in the leadership video series. They were wonderful.
   Asea top wicket ciper kumar sankara
   Good example for youngsters.
   King sanga brother sri lanka
   
   Legend Kumar Sangakkara
   why did you leave now see what happened to us
   Sangaa 😍😍❤❤
   Good
   Awesome sanga
   i lv u sanga
   
   Hello sir
   I love you sanga u r my hero
   cool story
   Miss you sanga
   thanks for the share
   සුපිරි විස්තර
   Miss you sanga
   Good luck trinity
   Love u lot Mr.Kumar...
   
   Very good my bist palyr kumar sangakara
   I am pic kumar sangakara my bist palyr
   I am from pakistan my bist palys sanga g

Was a great pleasure and privilege playing for the @KarachiKingsARY. Thank you to the players and all the fans. You made us strong.
   Kumar Sangakkara you give your 100% at Pakistan Super League we as a Karachi Kings fans  proud of you wish u all the best for next year (Y)
   We are so proud of you Sangakara! Thank you for being such a cooperative and lovely captain! Them catches! We couldn't have asked for a better captain. Hope to see you next year, superman!
   Only for you I am supporting Karachi Kings . You are the best one . Thanks for your Alla efforts to make Pakistani peoples Happy.
   Karachi kings definitely rocked under your captaincy.. always want to see you in cricket.. Lots of respect and love for the legend❤❤❤❤ love you Sanga ❤
   Sanga is very popular. But look at his early days in cricket. The country and cricket team gave him more chance to steps up. But sanga forgot it. 
Sanga should have to play for more national team i. He retired in his best time. Coz he runing for money. 
Still time to think to help national team.
   You all Srilankans are great people. Your decent personality shows that how much sweet your country peoples are.
Thanks Kumar Sangakkara for this brilliant entertainment. You've just won the hearts of all of us.
   Thank you Mr. Kumar Sangakara you are a true legend and it was a pleasure seeing you play in the PSL and leading the Karachi Kings. Your support is inevitable in the revival of Pakistan Cricket. Hope to see you next year as well with a bang ..May God bless you and your family and keep you safe.
   Kumar Sangarkara  you are absolute legend and my all time favorite . ALways love and support you.Thanks for making #PSL wonderful. Hardluck ..Better luck next time.
   Thank you Captain for leading our team from the front, for putting the winning spirit in our team and taking us to the Playoffs. I hope you captain us next season.
   Thank you very much for leading the team with utmost sincerity. You r and will b a legend of cricket and u never fail to impress your fans. Hope to see u next year as well. With love, from Pakistan
   Very few sportsman in the modern era with manners and spirit like yours. I rank you with the likes of Muhammad Ali, who made a name in things beyond sport.
   You played the way gentlemen need to.......respect your devotion to KK....next time if you play PSL don't refuse to play in Pakistan.....we would like you to be here with us.....
   Kumar Sangakkara you will be awarded wicket keeper award for your wicket keeping👏👏
Well played Sanga (y) 
Best of luck Sangakkara and Karachi Kings for next Pakistan Super League
   Super Sanga, u made us proud. U r real sportsman. Its v v honor to have u and Mahela in K.K. 
keep smiling and B our guest anytime,  wish to meet u.
   Thanks for being a part of PSL. we will miss you. #Legend
   Thank you Sangakkara for coming in PSL and being Karachi's Captain. Sri Lankan team is always more than welcome in Pakistan. We would be honored to host you 💜
   sorry to say Sanga i am your big fan, but why you were reluctant to come to Pakistan for PSL final? Even though our government assure you to provide  full security and COAS and other high profile personality are the guest of PSL final.
   It is nice to see you in PSL. You been great ambassador of Sri Lanka and Cricket. We love to see you again and again in the cricketing field in the like of PSL and alike event
   You are most talented player in the world lot of love from dadu sindh I am your biggest fan
Thank you so much for playing with Karachi 
I love you sangakara
You are always champion
   Actually iam supporting Islamabad....... But after seeing sanga's 100 % effort    for KK...........😨😨 I literally start supporting Karachi king...... #sanga_rocks #lovE_u. #Best_captain... ☝🙌🙌🙌
   Thank u So much for participating and making this league successful and memorable for us ! 
Lots of Love from 🇵🇰 Pakistan Folks!! 
#Legends_Are_Always_be_legend:)
   Thank u sngakkara,im a bit disappointed ur team hs nt made it through to the final...highly greatfull fr ur particpation in psl,looking frwrd to u in the nxt edition of psl along wth Mahela nd sme other exciting talent frm srilanka...
   KS your captaincy made impact on KK performance, This is why Karachi Kings qualify for play offs. thank you for providing us the quality cricket.
   Thanks for being a part of PSL 
Love and huge respect from Pakistan
   We love You Sanga. Thanks for coming & playing for us. InshAllah next year under your leadership #KarachiKings will lift up the trophy. Love You Bro.

At the gourmet goodness stall of the Foundation of Goodness. Great to be at the Gulf food festival. 100% of proceeds from our gourmet goodness spices goes back to our rural communities. #FOG

https://www.instagram.com/p/BRAiqsFDUJw/
   Thanks kumara sangakkara for saporting PSL and my teem kk Karachi King better luck next time
Sangakkara you beyuty 💓❤💕Thank You So Much Sangakara!
You were brilliant throughout the tournament!
Please do comeback next year!
   Captain enjoying yourself after a thrilling win Yesterday. Best of luck with your work and upcoming matches.
   Legend sangakara love u.                  Sanga ke ipl khelbena   apnara Jodi  janen ta hole amake janan        pleasse,
   Hello sir i am from pakistan.... sir u are a big legend like our afridi.i really love u .u are a cricketr .thanks for participate in psl don,t worry we will win next year we play well have a safe journy to go back to gr8 country srilanka take care
   What #Legend you ware in international cricket ...... #Love you.... I am your #Biggest_Fan
   THANK YOU SANGA FOR PSL.
   Very nice sanga..
   My fav sanga love u bro
   SHOE SPAA
   Sir win that PSL trofiy bast luck
   
   good
   h
   
   Sanga u are our hero best of luck for next match begxt fan of urx
   Nice
   HELLOW SIR, I M FROM NEPAL,BUT I LOVE U. I STILL FAN OF UR.
   My favorite world's favorite sanga
   the  great  sangakara  we  miss  you  da...
   Very much love u sanga
   I LOVE SRI LANKA, I LOVE U SIR,
   Very Nice
   
   Super player Kumar sangakkara
   আর কত নিয়ম আমরা দেখবো

   I can't understand why you said that we should accept the differences.. as a nation we were doing so from long history , right ?.... there are hindus, there are muslims  and also Christians as well...... so what is this special difference are you talking on? ...there are countries that i know who doesn't allow differences i.e. Saudi Arabia ... could you help to understand ?
   making the path to international body to be appointed as someone, please dont use rocks of fans to make the road .... :v cricket finish , so need to keep the popularity up so that you can use it for personal gains in future.
   I not known srilankan...so good bro please advise the karachi kings team....u r great player butt our Pakistan's not well played with u....I m yr fan please don't lose the next match
   ඔබ හරි, මම ඇෆ්ගන් ඔයා, ඔයා මගේ කැමතිම වීරයා, ඔබ ආදරය මේ තරම් මහතා සංගා.
I can't speak sinhala, if some thing was false forgive me.
   පිංබර පොහොය දිනයක් වේවා !
**********************************

" සබ්බෙ තසන්ති දණඩස්ස
සබ්බෙ භායන්ති මච්චුනො
අත්තානං උපමං කත්වා
න හනෙය්‍ය න ඝාතයෙ "

සියලු සතුනට සිය දිවිය ප්‍රියය. තමා උපමා කොට සිතා අන් සතුනට ඇළීම් පෙළීම් නැසීම් නොකොට වැළකිය යුතු ය. මෙලොව වසන්නා වූ සියලුම සත්වයන් අත් පා දඬු මුගුරු සැත් ආදීන්ගෙන් කෙරෙන ශරීර වේදනාවන්ට තැති ගැනෙති. සියලු දෙන මරුට බිය වෙති. තමා උපමා කොට අනුන් නොනසන්නේ ය. නො නසවන්නේ ය. හිංසා පීඩා කිරීම් ආදිය තමා විසින් හෝ අනුන් ලවා හෝ නොකළ යුතු ය. “සබේබසං ජීවිතං පියං” සියල්ලන්ටම ජීවිතය පි‍්‍රය වන්නේ ය. දෙවි මිනිස් තිරිසන් ආදී සියලු සත්ත්වයෝම තම ජීවිතය උතුම් කොට සලකති,

මේ ලෝකයෙහි රහතුන් හැර සෙසු සියලු සත්ත්වයෝම ජීවිතය පිළිබඳ පිනවීමෙන් යුතුව කල් යවති.
“සුඛ කැමැති භූතානි” සැප කැමැති සත්ත්වයන් ප්‍රාණඝාත කර්මයට බිය වෙති. මෙලොව වසන පුහුදුන් සත්ත්වයන් නිරතුරු සැප ඇමැත්තෝ වන්නාහ. එවන් සතුන්ගේ දිවි තොර කිරීම අපමණ දුක් පීඩාවන්ට පමුණුවන ක්‍රියාවකි.

“පරපණ නැසුවොත් කවර උපායෙ
අපමණ දුක් දෙයි සතර අපායෙ “
සතර අපායෙහි අප්‍රමාණ දුක්විඳීමට සිදුවන කර්මයකි. (උපුටා ගැනීමකි)
   last week Rangan, Viyangoda and Pirimi-Nurse got paid by Badurdeen for cleaning his clothes... this is yet too far start  though ... :v
   Political propaganda by Gawapalanaya
   Soor  ki oulad Pakistan q nhi khel raha bluddh pig sanga  Get lost from PSL Hate u 😬😬😬
   Well said.
   Yes you are  right..
   Hats off sir respect ✊
   Play best and play short
   
   You are legend Kumar sangakara
   සැබෑ ශ්‍රී ලාංකිකයෙක් කියල කියන්නේ විවිධත්වය අගය කරන පුරවැසියෙකුට!
   Brilliant**  Love u Sanga*
   Hi
   post your psl pictures legend..
   Sanga you are a legend!
   my life sanga sir
   i don't know what he is saying. But he is great human <3
   amma ela bro
   Assalamo alaikum
   I love you sanga ayiya
   You  super  hero sanga

   Kumar Sangakkara is one of the nicest people in not only cricket but in life. We should all take note of what he is saying not just in regards to Sri Lanka but all over the world. If we forgot about race or religion and concentrated on what people are really like then maybe the world would be a better place.
   Veteran cricketer? How about the best president Sri Lanka could have!!
   You are most talented player in the world lot of love from dadu sindh Pakistan I am your biggest fan
   thoroughly nice young man :D
   Well said that man, if only it could be said for the rest of the world! :-(
   Very true,Kumar. I agree with you Janet,met him at Kandalama Hotel in 2010, so simple and down to earh.
   Kumar Sangakkara you are our best player not only as a player but also as a person.
   what how many people died because your country I won't respect sri lanka but i would respest u
   We really love and respect  you kumar sanga karachi.
From Pakistan
   Kumar sangakara is a nice ,I m big fan of him ,Not only me whole pakistan is his fan .
   Wonderful words from a true Sri-Lankan.
   The world should listen to those words!!!!!!!
   right u are
   best of kumar sangakkara
   Great player
   I,m. Like  sangakkara
   Well said Mr Sanga.
   I m very like you kumar Sangakkra nice main kumar Sangakkra
   I'm a true Sri Lankan, hats off....
   Kumar Sangakkara .....Mine favourite...You are the best 👍
   U are great
   Wonderful  gentleman
   Very very true Kumar.
   Excellent!! Thank you! Sanga!!❤️❤️
   amazing

Great character shown by @OfficialSLC to win the series. Lets keep believing in the abilities of our team and support them with patience
   You have been an inspiration for one and all across countries. Miss your smile and those elegant straight drives but guess that's what sports give you... Moments to cherish all life. Still remember your views put forth at lords. Miss you sanga sir always.
   Wow that's great...anxiously waiting for you guys to get on the field....#plz #share #all #your #skills #with #pakistani #players #specially #young #players
I know most of pakistani players don't understand English properly so u should tranfer your ideas through those pakistani players or coaches who are good in English (y) #Enjoy #mate
#PSL
   We wish that ur Sri Lankan team will be bright team and do a great job further but do their support by becoming their coach wid Mahila Jawardene and u r my pne of the great cricketer we love you.😎😎😎
   They definitely deserved to win, they played so much better than our team. Miss seeing you on the field though, Kumar :)
   
   Much more skinny Players beat Monstrous SA, Well Done SL.
   i love sl team...why ..thisara parera ..kushal parera ...ojantha mendis ...dilshanmunabira ...r not allowd in sl team...i am bangladeshi...
   Very well said Sanga. GOD BLESS D SLK LIONS AND SHOWER SUCCESS ON THEM FOREVER.
   Great show. We wish all them best of luck in future.
   Wishes always Sanga for your team n your family..You are real Hero not only of cricket also of humanity!!
   Well said sanga the improvement never come in one over night we need to believe our guys and motivate them.
   I love SL team & u  respect from #bangladesh
   Well done i love sl team 
From.pak
   
   Hope we see sm gd cricket in ODI too by the lankans
   
   Best advise anaaa
   Suuper bro great
   
   Support them with patience is much needed
   Great win
   Patience and believe....great win
   
   
   

   you took some wrong decision very early in your international career,you had enough age,you had good form to service srilankan cricket more years..why you put you bat,glavs,pad from international cricket?
   my dream is to meet u once in lifetime. Waiting for it Sanga. Every time see you, get a sweet smile automatically. Dont know why. but. I like u.
   You are most talented player in the world lot of love from dadu sindh Pakistan I am your biggest fan I miss you sangakara 
You are legend
   Hi sangs.. Sir.. Wht can we do to meet or exceed the expectations of sri Lankan cricket to bring it back to it's own standards... I think your opinion matters the most.. With superb  vastly experience player like you should in the selection committee of sri Lankan cricket.. I mean I live in Canada but I do follow sri Lankan cricket.. Please let us know what can be done..
   Please  would  it  b  possible  2  see  you  I'm  coming  2  sri  lanks  in  April
   Sanga iam indian 
You take decision not good 
You have more talent
   You are a great player in the world I miss you Kumar bro you and Rahul dravid  is my best player l am Indian
   You were the only person who could have made Sri Lanka 'n  cricket  history
   Gd mrng Kumar wishing u a GRT GRT HOLIDAY AND JUST ENJOY WITH UR LOVED ONES. LOVE AND TAKE CARE.
   The master class stroke player .The fans , we all miss you .The bowlers are happy you retired.
   Sanga u are so nice love u plz do not mising PSL  i m pakistani
   I'm  from  South  African will  be  on  holiday in  april2017
   World cricket will never forget true Ambassidors of cricket ,Rana tunga ,Kumara sangakara ,Mahela Jaywardene ,MS Dhoni ,Rahul Dravid ,sachin tendulkar ,wasim akram ,saeed anwar ,imran khan ,kapil dev ,Ricky pointing,Mc Grath Adam Gilchrist ,Jaques Kallis ,shaun pollack ,Hashim aamla ,Fliming ,Brendom Mecculum ,Curtely Ambrose ,vivan richard ,Brian lara ,Melcom marshal ,Many english and Bangladeshi players .
   sanga you.....go away from grounds but not the hearts of our's
   right..i am a bangladeshi ...much fan off you..you have more age for play..why you retired from cricket...
   I love Sangakkara from Indian I'm
   Welcome come back legend
   Luv u sanga
   
   Kumar ayye srilankateam ekata bating side 1 developkrnna oya udaw krnnaplz
   Do you have any plan to support Sri Lanka cricket in future
   Miss your typical shots
   Welcome home
   True legend
   Man in a supreme touch alwyz

A good hit out today up in Maroochydore. Beautiful place. Good to get out on the park in purple. #hobarthurricanes #canetrain
   Hi bro i am big fan of you.i am eagarly waiting to meet you .your  my god please give me a chance yoo meet you
   Come and say hi Kumar. Would be nice to catch up here in Brisbane.
   I like you very mush more thane my mothet please give me a chance too meet you
   Sanga if u r in Hobart, you should come and try some authentic srilankan food at Derwent bridge!! 😊
   හිතවත් සංගක්කාර, 
මේ වගේ අහිතකර ආහාර පුංචි ළමුන්ට පුරුදු කරන වෙළද දැන්වීම් වලට සිටීමෙන් ඔබ කරනුයේ බරපතල වරදකි, 
රටේ ජනතාව ඔබ කෙරෙහි ලබාදුන් ගෞරවය හෝ ප්‍රසිද්දිය එවැනි පාපතර ක්‍රියාවන් කෙරෙහි භාවිත නොකරන්න
   Pack your bags and leave #spud if you play again for the canes I'll throwing my membership out
   Hy! I'm from Pakistan. I'm big fan of you and love to see your batting. I'm also left hander and love to follow your style
   
   
   
   බලන්න ඔයාට කොයි තරම් ආදරේද කියලා..
   
   Come play a game for the stingers.
   ආ මචං!!!!
   boss how r u?
   Please
   
   You are great main
   Time to retire,
   I like you. I love you Kumar Sangakkara.
   Hi good morning Kumar how are you
   Hi kohomada mam oyata godak adarei mam Hingurakgoda gayani
   Hi   sanga  oyata  Happy  new  year
   
   

The Only Good News Paper is definitely a great initiative..
   Good sangakkara tells innocent children to eat sosages
   Nimye  sange
   Great
   boss nice
   Mindblowing sir
   You mean the path of ignorance right...? lol
   Sanga moko  me base ball adumakin
   Happy
   best
   Oh no boss
   Hii
   Sir u r mine ideal
   HAI SAGA
   sweet
   Very good sanga
   Ganith ekka ghin keels super ekeen badu ganin gona
   
   Patana sangakkara aiya
   Nice
   Klel
   J.tjag j
   Thank you Kumar Sangakkara
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcN7SGGoCNI
   Great sanga n thank  u
   U are real hero sangaa.......

